#install the program
      
cd src 
bash build.sh
then you can find the program in  ../bin/

#data preparing ....

1.we need just one component such as E or Z or N; all sample rates are the same
2.all waveforms recorded by one station should have first arrival pick.
3.the t1 header must be marked with first arrival
3.header:  kevnm,kzdate,kztime,mag must be write into sac header
5.all single components are put into "data_sac" folder
6.you can filter the waveforms due to the effect of noise to the correlation results

#script notes
1. write_header.sh 
   
   it is used to replace header t1 with header a if a is marked by the first arrival 
   and the waveforms without first pick are delete from the data_sac folder. 
   if you have done, you don't run this script 
   in this script, we can add filter option 

2.run.sh
  
  it is used to form the ccfile,and clusters stored in "Cluster" folder
  each cluster in "Cluster" folder has more than "minev" events
  parameter "minev" is in the run.sh

3.getcc1d.pl
  
  it is used  to form a lower triangle matrix of cc
  do correlation of each pair waveform 
  you can  "change the window length and shifttime length in line 32"
     
4.getcluster.awk
  
  output cluster information, although one cluster only have one piece of waveform
        
5.pltcluster.awk

  it was used to plot all clusters in one plot, one color denotes one cluster.
  now we don't use  it in "run.sh"

6.plot_repeating.sh
  
  it is used to plot single cluster, used in run.bash. 
  And, all plots are in "Cluster" not in "output"
  
  it uses obtian_shift.sh to obtain the time shift of all events in one cluster relating to the first event.

  all plots align in order of the origin time

7.obtain_shift_time.sh
  
  recorrelate in one cluster to obtain the shiftimes
 " the window length and shift length must be the same as those in getcc1d.pl"

8. check_ccfile.sh
  
  this script is used to check the "./output/ccfile"

  if the number elements in one line is not equal with the line number, so the ccfile is wrong due to the following bug.

  I correct the 'corr1d' output, so the check_ccfile.sh is not used in there. 
  
  if you use the origin the softpackage from seismic training of BSW, you can use this file to check the ccfile, and according to the message out-printed, change the shifttime or delete the sacfile.

# bug in the original soft package from BSW
  if we use large shift time that make the t1-shifttime < b, the corr1d soft would show "the dt value seems too large for file", and then stop.
  so the ccfile would be out of order. so you would get wrong cluster result
  
  if the large shift time used, I change the output from corr1d using the same format that outputed with the proper shift time. but the cc value and shiftime are 0 and 999, respectively.
  
  and modify the "cc2clusterHierarchical.c" , let the diagnal elements be 0

